Oh, crap!
Look what you've done, Kugisaki.
This shirt belongs to Mr. Gojo, right?
MR. IJICHI
Mr. Ijichi handed over
the freshly laundered shirt to us and left.
ME
And I spilled the coffee.
So who's to blame?
You.
- Do it gently.
- I am just doing it.
It looks like the \"Marimekko\" style.
Don't underestimate fashion.
Well, it's probably cheap anyway.
Fushiguro, check the brand on the label.
250,000 YEN
I-Is tax included?
No.
But is that the point?
Fine, I'll give 90,000 yen.
You guys each pay 80,000 yen.
Good morning.
Ijichi said you guys had my shirt...
What's wrong, Megumi?
Nothing.
Kugisaki...
No... No...
Kugi...
I found my ability...
...is truly terrifying!
I am...
I am the real...
\"Curse\"!
Black Flash!
I bet you thought...
...you were going to kill demons...
...like in fairy tales here, right?!
You came with that mindset, right?
Don't be naive, punk!
This is war!
It's not a war to correct mistakes!
But a battle to impose our
self-proclaimed right ideas...
...on each other!
You are me, Yuji Itadori.
I kill people without thinking,
just like how you save people
without thinking!
Our instincts are against the so-called
dignity obtained by human reason!
This war is about to decide who will remain
a hundred years from now!
How could you possibly defeat me
if you didn't even realize that?
Hey, Yuji Itadori.
Have you ever counted
the curses you've killed?
No, right? Me neither.
Because it doesn't matter
how many humans I've killed.
And I'll forget about you in due time.
The sound of the Gion Shoja bells...
...echoes the impermanence of all things.
The color of the sala flowers...
...reveals the truth
the prosperous must decline.
But,
we are the exceptions.
EPISODE 44: RIGHT AND WRONG PART 3
JUJUTSU KAISEN SEASON 2:
SHIBUYA INCIDENT
23:09 DOWNTOWN METRO SHIBUYA STATION,
FIFTH FLOOR UNDERGROUND
SHINTOSHIN LINE PLATFORM
Are these people...
KYOTO HIGH FIRST YEAR, ARATA NITTA
...still alive?
It seems Suguru Geto has left
with Prison Realm.
How come...
Let's change our mindset.
Instead of fighting to save Satoru Gojo,
we fight to weaken the enemy
in order to save our companions.
Our purpose has completely changed.
Hurry up.
My brother must be nearby.
So he has a brother.
I thought he was an only child.
What happened here?
That scar on his face...
We just switched places!
Is he the sorcerer
who cornered Hanami?
Senior Todo.
I've already provided first aid
to the girl over there.
But she's probably dead.
So please don't blame it
on me afterward, okay?
Enough talking.
Help my brother too.
Get up, brother!
Our battle is just beginning!
A jinx?
To... do...
I... can't...
...fight anymore.
It's not just Kugisaki...
Nanami died too.
Sukuna killed so many people.
So...
I tried to help more people...
But I just can't do it!
I'm nothing but a murderer!
What I thought to be my conviction,
turned out to be only my excuses!
I...
I can't forgive myself.
I can't hear you
because your voice is so low!
Interesting!
Even though I know his tricks,
he still got me!
Brother.
You should never belittle yourself.
We are Jujutsu Sorcerers.
Whether it's me,
you,
Kugisaki,
Mr. Nanami,
or any other companions,
we are all Jujutsu Sorcerers.
As long as we're alive,
our friends who died
haven't really been defeated!
This isn't about sin or punishment.
From the moment
we chose to become sorcerers,
our lives are no longer subject to karma.
Sometimes it's disrespectful to the dead
to try to find meaning
or reason for each life lost.
Even so!
What have those people entrusted to you?
There's no need to find
the answer immediately.
But you must not stop
before you find the answer.
For the Jujutsu Sorcerers who are alive,
this is the punishment we must bear.
I don't need to tell him that yet.
I used my cursed technique on you.
Listen carefully, Itadori.
Your current injuries
won't continue to worsen.
They haven't healed,
but the bleeding has stopped.
The pain will also gradually lessen.
But this applies only
to your current injuries.
If you get attacked again,
new wounds will still appear and they're
beyond the reach of my technique.
Todo's brother doesn't
look like him at all.
I treated that girl over there
in the same way.
Although her breathing
and pulse have stopped,
it hasn't been very long.
She still has a chance to be saved.
I'll take her away now.
It's not a zero percent chance, okay?
So don't get your hopes too high.
Yes...
Yes!
Have you finished?
What's wrong?
Aren't you going to touch me?
He's really good.
He keeps a distance from Itadori
while dealing with my attack.
I've got some more for you.
Just a dodge?
Come on! Let's switch positions!
I'll see through your trick and hit you!
I really want to use that move again.
I can feel that I am just one step away
from the true essence of my soul!
Sorry, Nanamin.
I was about to take the easy way out.
I was about to use my sins
as an excuse to escape.
I will leave the rest to you.
Black Flash!
From now on,
I will suffer in your
place as well, Nanamin.
You are still alive?
Welcome back.
Yeah!
SUBWAY INFO: SHIBUYA STATION
IS CURRENTLY CLOSED
The battle will end soon.
It's meaningless to rush to Shibuya now.
Go back.
Miwa.
Why did you only ask for Todo and Nitta?
Based on my judgment, Todo has a 99%
chance of survival if he goes to Shibuya.
The same goes for Nitta.
His technique will be useful.
What about me?
Am I not useful?
It's not about that anymore.
It's not just you.
Mai, Kamo, Nishimiya, Utahime.
I have arranged for them to go
to the south of Kyoto on the 31st.
Why didn't you say anything?
Why didn't you talk to me about it?
Aren't we friends?
Is it because I'm too weak?
No, I'm the one who's weak.
Because I'm weak, I used the wrong method.
Because I'm weak, I couldn't
follow through with my mistake.
There was someone I really liked.
I thought no matter how the world changed,
it'd be okay as long as I was
by her side and protected her.
Even if the person
she hoped to protect her...
...might not be me.
Time's up.
Miwa.
No!
Goodbye.
Thank you for—
Don't say that!
Miwa.
Mechamaru!
You have to be happy.
No matter how you do it,
as long as you are happy,
my wish will have come true.
Mechamaru...
Miss Utahime, the things Mechamaru did...
Never mind.
The person is dead anyway.
He really underestimated us.
Yes.
He also said Todo wouldn't die,
and we're sure to die if we go.
That doesn't matter.
Whoever makes my cute junior cry must die.
Exchange places with an inanimate object?
He split?!
Soul Multiplicity, Body Repel!
The spiritual residue
of this guy is very intact.
But can I kill him
with one touch now?
Itadori's soul only has about 10% left.
And my soul still has about 40% left.
My duplicate was crushed.
Itadori's attacks and Black Flash
also wore down a lot of my soul.
It's all that woman's fault.
A piece of trash like her
managed to hurt me in the end.
Exchanging places is a hassle.
I'll kill him first.
Brother!
If that is enough to satisfy you...
...we will no longer be best friends.
This cursed spirit successfully
used Black Flash.
Now the person who's left behind is me.
You have become stronger, brother.
Are you willing to maintain
the status quo, Aoi Todo?
Are you going to leave
Itadori alone again?
Aoi Todo?
Takada!
Black Flash!
No matter how powerful your attack is,
and how many times
you use Black Flash,
it's meaningless
if you can't hurt my soul.
However,
from now on, all three of them...
KISS
Kiss.
...have reached 120% of their potential.
Soul Multiplicity!
Body Repel!
A full-range attack that makes
exchanging places meaningless.
He is getting serious!
Try harder, Itadori!
This is our last chance...
...to curse each other!
Heroes always appear late.
But don't forget, people who fight
till the moment the hero appears
are also heroes.
Next Episode: \"Transformation.\"
Don't forget to get
a certificate of delay.